.TH DESYNCD 1 "2026-03-31" "desyncd 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
desyncd \- adaptive DPI desynchronization tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B desyncd
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fICOMMAND\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B desyncd
is a cross-platform DPI bypass tool that automatically discovers and applies
the best desynchronization strategies for your ISP and target domains. It
operates as a local SOCKS5/HTTP CONNECT proxy, applying protocol-level
techniques to prevent deep packet inspection systems from identifying and
blocking connections.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B run
Start the proxy/interceptor. This is the default command if none is specified.
.TP
.B test \-\-domain \fIDOMAIN\fR [\-\-all\-techniques]
Run block detection tests against the specified domains. With
.B \-\-all\-techniques
, tests every available bypass technique and shows results in a table.
.TP
.B adapt \-\-domain \fIDOMAIN\fR [\-\-save]
Run auto-adaptation to discover the best bypass strategy for each domain.
With
.B \-\-save
, stores the discovered strategy in the SQLite database for future use.
.TP
.B show\-config
Print the effective configuration after merging defaults, config file, and CLI arguments.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-mode \fIMODE\fR
Operating mode:
.B socks
(SOCKS5 + HTTP CONNECT, default),
.B transparent
(Linux iptables REDIRECT),
.B nfq
(Linux NFQUEUE).
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-listen \fIADDR\fR
Proxy listen address. Default: 127.0.0.1:1080
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-config \fIPATH\fR
Path to TOML configuration file. Searched in:
~/.config/desyncd/config.toml, then ./desyncd.toml
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-strategy \fINAME\fR
Override the default strategy for all connections.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Increase log verbosity. Use \-v for debug, \-vv for trace.
.SH TECHNIQUES
.TP
.B tcp_split
Splits TCP segment at the SNI position into multiple sends.
.TP
.B tls_record_frag
Fragments the TLS ClientHello into multiple TLS records.
.TP
.B fake_packet
Injects a fake TLS record before the real ClientHello.
.TP
.B disorder
Sends split segments in reverse order.
.TP
.B sni_manip
Modifies the SNI field (mixed case, removal, padding).
.TP
.B http_host
Modifies the HTTP Host header (mixed case, extra spaces, tabs).
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration is in TOML format. Key sections:
.TP
.B [general]
mode, log_level
.TP
.B [proxy]
listen address
.TP
.B [stealth]
split_jitter, timing_jitter_us, fake_size_range, randomize_tls_padding
.TP
.B [adaptation]
enabled, test_interval_secs, test_domains
.TP
.B [strategies.\fINAME\fR]
Named strategy with ordered list of techniques
.TP
.B [[rules]]
Domain-to-strategy mapping with priority
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Start with default config:
.RS
.B desyncd run
.RE
.PP
Test all techniques against youtube.com:
.RS
.B desyncd test \-\-domain youtube.com \-\-all\-techniques
.RE
.PP
Find best strategy and save:
.RS
.B desyncd adapt \-\-domain youtube.com \-\-save
.RE
.PP
Use custom config with verbose logging:
.RS
.B desyncd \-c /etc/desyncd/config.toml \-vv run
.RE
.PP
Transparent mode (Linux, requires root):
.RS
.B sudo desyncd run \-\-mode transparent \-\-listen 0.0.0.0:1080
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/desyncd/config.toml
Default configuration file location.
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/desyncd/state.db
SQLite database for adaptation results.
.SH AUTHORS
desyncd contributors
.SH LICENSE
MIT OR Apache-2.0
